Reports good response to treatment without side effects.
Reports good response to treatment
Reports good response
to treatment without side effects.
Reports good response to treatment
without side effects.
Affirms no changes in health or medications since last check-in.
Affirms no changes
in health or medications since last check-in.
Affirms no changes in health or medications
since last check-in.
Affirms no changes in health or medications since
last check-in.
Denies smooth bald spots or redness/crusting around hair follicles.
Denies smooth bald spots
or redness/crusting around hair follicles.
Denies smooth bald spots or redness/crusting
around hair follicles.
Hair loss said to have stabilized.
Hair loss said
to have stabilized.
Hair loss
said to have stabilized.
Hair loss is said to have improved.
Hair loss is said
to have improved.
Hair loss is said to have
improved.
Hair loss is said to be worsening.
Hair loss is said
to be worsening.
Hair loss is
said to be worsening.
The common side effects of oral minoxidil include increased hair growth on the face or body, lightheadedness, palpitations or rapid heart beat, headaches, leg swelling or fluid retention (edema), swelling around the eyes, insomnia, or nausea.
The common side effects of oral minoxidil include
increased hair growth on the face or body, lightheadedness, palpitations or rapid heart beat, headaches, leg swelling or fluid retention (edema), swelling around the eyes, insomnia, or nausea.
The common side effects of oral minoxidil
include increased hair growth on the face or body, lightheadedness, palpitations or rapid heart beat, headaches, leg swelling or fluid retention (edema), swelling around the eyes, insomnia, or nausea.
The common side effects of oral minoxidil include increased hair growth on the face or body,
lightheadedness, palpitations or rapid heart beat, headaches, leg swelling or fluid retention (edema), swelling around the eyes, insomnia, or nausea.
I will flag customer support about your price question as I don't have that information.
I will flag customer support
about your price question as I don't have that information.
I will flag customer support about your price question
as I don't have that information.
I will flag customer support about your price question as
I don't have that information.
One of the required pre-treatment labs, the hematocrit (the percentage of your blood made up of red blood cells) wasn't able to be completed due to small sample size.
The other labs done for safety, to rule out possible concerning causes of deficiency, are unremarkable.
We do need the hematocrit before treatment to ensure safety.
You'll be sent a second collection kit so that you can collect a second sample for that test to be run.
We'll be in touch after that is complete, but if you have any or concerns don't hesitate to reach out.
One of the required pre-treatment labs,
the hematocrit (the percentage of your blood made up of red blood cells)
wasn't able to be completed due to small sample size.
The other labs done for safety,
to rule out possible concerning causes of deficiency,
are unremarkable.
We do need the hematocrit before treatment
to ensure safety.
You'll be sent a second collection kit
so that you can collect a second sample
for that test to be run.
We'll be in touch after that is complete,
but if you have any or concerns
don't hesitate to reach out.
Take 1 tablet by mouth as needed 1 hour before sex.
Do not take more than 1 tablet daily.
Take 1 tablet by mouth as needed
1 hour before sex.
Take 1 tablet
by mouth as needed
1 hour before sex.
Do not take more than
1 tablet daily.
I need to make sure that you're aware there can be negative effects from the Finasteride on mental health, such as poor mood (or depression), anxiety, and other effects.
They do not happen to all, but it is a risk.
If you want to take finasteride despite these risks (as it is a good medication for hair loss treatment) you can,
but we will need you to respond indicating that you're aware of these risks and wish to proceed while monitoring for any negative effects.
I need to make sure
that you're aware
there can be negative effects from the Finasteride on mental health,
such as poor mood (or depression), anxiety, and other effects.
They do not happen to all,
but it is a risk.
If you want to take finasteride despite these risks
(as it is a good medication for hair loss treatment)
you can,
but we will need you to respond
indicating that you're aware of these risks
and wish to proceed
while monitoring for any negative effects.
Oral minoxidil without finasteride
(no significant mental health side effects),
or Topical finasteride/minoxidil
which is close to as effective
and carries a much lower risk for mental health side effects.
Oral minoxidil without finasteride
or Topical finasteride/minoxidil
which is close to as effective
and carries a much lower risk for mental health side effects.
We have somewhat limited treatment options
in the state of Alabama
due to regulations surrounding compounded medications.
We have somewhat limited treatment options in the state of Alabama
due to regulations surrounding compounded medications.
He acknowledges the possible side effects
from oral finasteride on mental health
and wishes to proceed,
accepting of these.
He acknowledges the possible side effects from oral finasteride on mental health
and wishes to proceed, accepting of these.
Because the fluoxetine in this combination treatment
is also a medication used for mental health treatments,
we will need to know
if you or a first degree (biological) relative
(parents, "full" siblings, or children)
have ever had severe mental illness,
such as bipolar disorder, schizophrenia,
or have been admitted for inpatient treatment for mental health (of any type)
or has attempted or completed suicide.
Because the fluoxetine in this combination treatment is also a medication used for mental health treatments,
we will need to know if you or a first degree (biological) relative
(parents, "full" siblings, or children)
have ever had severe mental illness,
such as bipolar disorder, schizophrenia,
or have been admitted for inpatient treatment for mental health (of any type)
or has attempted or completed suicide.
Hi, Dr. Tomcik again,
have you been able to see the messages above
about the need to change the prescription?
Hi, Dr. Tomcik again, have you been able to see
the messages above about the need to change the prescription?
For oral Finasteride,
the most common side effects are decreased sex drive,
difficulty with erections,
and reduced ejaculate volume,
which occur in 1-2% of users
and usually improve if you stop the medication.
Less common side effects include
breast tenderness, mood changes, and allergic reactions.
For oral Finasteride, the most common side effects
are decreased sex drive, difficulty with erections, and reduced ejaculate volume,
which occur in 1-2% of users
and usually improve if you stop the medication.
Less common side effects include breast tenderness,
mood changes, and allergic reactions.
For oral minoxidil,
the most common side effect is unwanted hair growth
on other body areas like the face or arms,
occurring in about 15% of users.
Other possible side effects include
lightheadedness, mild swelling in the feet or face,
faster heartbeat, or headache,
which occur in less than 5% of users
and are usually mild.
For oral minoxidil, the most common side effect
is unwanted hair growth on other body areas like the face or arms,
occurring in about 15% of users.
Other possible side effects include lightheadedness,
mild swelling in the feet or face,
faster heartbeat, or headache,
which occur in less than 5% of users and are usually mild.
